My name is Kenzo and in this video you
will acquire English naturally by
watching, listening, and following along
as I play Minecraft Hardcore.
And in this video, I want to go back to
the Nether and search for the baby
ghast. I cleared out my inventory. I
have some food. I have some potions of
fire resistance.
I should pick up some blocks.
Let's pick up
some deep slate blocks. Let's go
outside. Let's open the door and close
the door. Let's go to our portal. So far
in this series, we've survived 40 days.
All right, let's go into the portal.
Here we are.
So, the baby guests spawn in this biome
with the bones and the soul sand and the
blue fire. So, I'm going to look for
this biome.
Die. Die.
Cooked pork chop because it was on fire.
Ooh,
over there there are some bones
and I can also see some blue fire and I
think that is soul sand over there.
So, I'm going to head this direction.
I'm going to get some stone and I'm
going to build a bridge this way.
This is really dangerous.
I hope there are no guasts.
I'm building a bridge out of stone.
I'm close. Let's keep going. Here we
are.
Let's make a staircase down.
I'll make a staircase. Okay. [music] I
think this is the right biome.
So, I'm going to look for the baby
ghast.
I think it's usually next to the bones.
Ooh, I see some bones over there. Let's
go look over there.
Okay.
Oh, skeletons.
Oh, there are lots of skeletons here.
Let's get out my sword.
type.
Okay, let's eat some bread.
Okay, I'm going to wait here for my
health to regenerate.
Okay, let's see.
Let's kill this ghast.
Never mind.
I'm on fire.
The skeleton's on fire. Die, skeleton.
Do I have a bow? I have three bows, but
they're all almost broken. I'm going to
combine them like this.
There we go.
And I have four arrows.
Okay. Is there a baby ghast here? No. No
baby ghast. This skeleton has gold
armor.
Block.
Run. Run. Run. I see it.
I'm safe. I found the baby ghast.
I'm going to eat some bread.
I can hear the skeletons out there. Die.
Die.
I killed it. Let's break this block.
Okay, there's another skeleton.
Die, skeleton.
I killed that skeleton. Let's eat more
bread.
There it is.
I'm going to get my pickaxe. Let's pick
it up.
I got it.
Okay, now I'm going to quickly run back
home.
Let's go. Let's go. Run, run, run, run,
[music] run, run. I'm running.
Run, run, run. Here's my bridge.
[music]
Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Run.
I'm so close.
Here's my portal.
Let's go through the portal.
We did it.
I'm back home.
Okay, let's go home. Let's open the
door, close the door, and let's go to
sleep. Here it is, the dried ghast.
[snorts] In the next video, I'll grow
this dried ghast into a big ghast, but
I'm going to end this video right here.
If you're enjoying these videos, I have
a Kofi page where you could make a
donation to help support this channel.
Big thank you to these supporters.
Thanks for watching and I will see you
in the [music] next video. See you.
>> [music]